README.md, before:

# Statamic Autocomplete Address Field

The Statamic Autocomplete Address Field is a powerful addon for Statamic CMS that integrates a straightforward yet highly effective address input field featuring Google Maps Autocomplete. This tool simplifies the process of entering and storing comprehensive address data directly within your CMS.

## Key Features

- **Google Maps Autocomplete**: Enhances text input fields with autocomplete functionality for addresses, leveraging Google Maps.
- **Comprehensive Data Storage**: Automatically stores detailed address information along with geographical coordinates. Example data structure includes:
  - `street_number`: e.g., "42A"
  - `route`: e.g., "Prinsestraat"
  - `locality`: e.g., "Den Haag"
  - `administrative_area_level_1`: e.g., "Zuid-Holland"
  - `country`: e.g., "Nederland"
  - `postal_code`: e.g., "2513 CE"
  - `formatted_address`: e.g., "Prinsestraat 42A, 2513 CE Den Haag, Nederland"
  - `coordinates`:
    - `lat`: 52.0787948
    - `lng`: 4.305637
- **Configurable Options**: Allows for country-specific configuration in the fieldset settings.

## Installation

To install the Statamic Address Field, you can either use the Statamic control panel or a command line interface:

- **Via Control Panel**: Navigate to `Tools > Addons` in the Statamic control panel, search for "Address Field", and click **Install**.
- **Via Command Line**:
  ```bash
  composer require pixelastronauts/address-field
  ```

## Usage

To utilize the Address Field addon:

1. **API Key Setup**: Ensure that your 'GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY' is added to your project's `.env` file and properly restricted.
2. **Field Configuration**: Configure the desired country and other settings in your fieldset configuration file as needed.
3. **Integration**: Add the Address Field to your relevant templates or blueprints within Statamic, and it will automatically incorporate Google Maps Autocomplete functionality.

This addon significantly streamlines address entry and enhances data accuracy.

Commit message:

Enhance Address.vue with improved error handling and modern Autocomplete integration.

README.md, after:

# Statamic Autocomplete Address Field

The Statamic Autocomplete Address Field is a powerful addon for Statamic CMS that integrates a straightforward yet highly effective address input field featuring Google Maps Autocomplete. This tool simplifies the process of entering and storing comprehensive address data directly within your CMS.

## Key Features

- **Google Maps Autocomplete**: Enhances text input fields with autocomplete functionality for addresses, leveraging Google Maps.
- **Updated Places API**: Uses the new Google Maps Place class API (when available) for improved performance and modern features.
- **Comprehensive Data Storage**: Automatically stores detailed address information along with geographical coordinates. Example data structure includes:
  - `street_number`: e.g., "42A"
  - `route`: e.g., "Prinsestraat"
  - `locality`: e.g., "Den Haag"
  - `administrative_area_level_1`: e.g., "Zuid-Holland"
  - `country`: e.g., "Nederland"
  - `postal_code`: e.g., "2513 CE"
  - `formatted_address`: e.g., "Prinsestraat 42A, 2513 CE Den Haag, Nederland"
  - `coordinates`:
    - `lat`: 52.0787948
    - `lng`: 4.305637
- **Configurable Options**: Allows for country-specific configuration in the fieldset settings.

## Installation

To install the Statamic Address Field, you can either use the Statamic control panel or a command line interface:

- **Via Control Panel**: Navigate to `Tools > Addons` in the Statamic control panel, search for "Address Field", and click **Install**.
- **Via Command Line**:
  ```bash
  composer require pixelastronauts/address-field
  ```

## Usage

To utilize the Address Field addon:

1. **API Key Setup**: Ensure that your 'GOOGLE_PLACES_API_KEY' is added to your project's `.env` file and properly restricted. Make sure you have the new Places API (New) enabled in your Google Cloud project.
2. **Field Configuration**: Configure the desired country and other settings in your fieldset configuration file as needed.
3. **Integration**: Add the Address Field to your relevant templates or blueprints within Statamic, and it will automatically incorporate Google Maps Autocomplete functionality.

## Google Maps API Updates

This addon supports both the legacy Places API and the new Place class API. The implementation will automatically use the new API if available, with a fallback to the legacy API.

### Key Benefits of the New Place API:

- Improved performance
- Modern Promise-based async interface
- Updated data field structure using camelCase conventions
- Expanded place types and data fields

### Migration Notes:

- Enable "Places API (New)" in your Google Cloud project
- The addon handles backward compatibility automatically
- No changes needed for existing templates or content

This addon significantly streamlines address entry and enhances data accuracy.
